Mom, if you don't help us
The company is really going bankrupt
Are you trying to kill us?
You're the ones trying to suffocate me now
Mom, what's wrong with you?
Don't pretend to me
I'll give you an explanation for this today.
That's right, you all get me out
Don't tell me about the inheritance
I'll give it to whoever I like
Are you being unreasonable?
See you, are you enough?
Go, go, go
Get out
roll
You go first and I go to the toilet
What are you doing here, mom?
I'm going to ask you one last time.
Can you help?
I tell
You thin noodles
You really think you can't be offended
I tell you, you have to help in the future
You have to help
You let me go
Let go of me!
You are dead
If I hadn't looked at Zhenghai's face
I would have killed you by now.
Now that the company is almost finished, what's the use?